## DESCRIPTION
 a VST3 software synthesizer that aims to simulate the way that insects produce sound. It has a couple modules. 

## MODULES
1. The songcode module: this is my solution to describing the songs of every insect using a unified notation system. It's UI is a text box in which users write code to describe the song they wish for the synth to generate in a custom notation language. The language captures the natural randomness that a bug's song would have. The downside of this system is that it is text-based, meaning my synth will need a text entry box, as well as a parser/compiler to turn the songcode text into a series of pitch/length pairs for the synthesizer and resonator module to go through.

2. The playback Engine: When the playback engine receives a MIDI note signal, it begins to play the song described in the songcode. It does this by generating a series of impulse signals that it sends modules three and four. This component is internal and has no UI. 

3. The Click Sequencer module: this module approximates the biological structures insects use to generate sound. It's UI is a sequence of blocks that each have a pitch and volume. Users edit the blocks to generate different-sounding clicks. It also has parameters related to randomness within the clicks, allowing users to inject randomness into the pitch and timing of each click. Each time this module receives an impulse it generates a single click sound. 

4. The resonator module: This module takes the raw sound generated by the click sequencer and applies a resonator effect. some bugs have resonators that change size during their songs, so this module will need another songcode text entry box and parser to change the resonant frequency as the song plays. It will also have settings like sharpness, as well as harmonics and nonlinearity. 

5. The Chorus Module: This is the last module, and will be the last one I implement, though it must be considered in the implementation of the others. It first pregenerates a bunch of songs, and then simulates a chorus of insects by playing them back at different volumes and pannings from the listener. It can be turned on or off by the user depending on if they want a bunch of insects or just one. It's UI consists of a small visual representing the placement of the insects around the listener, an on/off button, a button to scramble the placement, and a couple settings: amount, spread, and excitation.

## DEVELOPMENT

1. PHASE ONE: Initial Song Generation
    Duration: 2 Weeks
    Playback engine: Write the playback engine to generate impulses at the Hz described by a songcode instrucion block
    Click Sequencer Module: basic. Just playback of a single sine wave module.
    UI: setup Juce project with simple UI. Implement text input for a single songcode input.
2. PHASE TWO: Click Sequencer Settings
    Duration: 2 weeks
    Click Sequencer Module: Program UI so you can manipulate the params of each pip as described by the sketch.
    UI: Pip Sequencer as described by the sketch.
3. PHASE THREE: Resonator Module
    Duration 1 week
    Resonator module: research how resonators work, and program one for the resonator module. It should take a current pitch.
    UI: add a second songcode input and compiler for the code that controls the resonator. Also add params for the resonator.
    playback engine: send current resonator pitch to the resonator module.
4. PHASE FOUR: chorus module
    Duration: 2 weeks
    UI: add the chorus module UI
    add a mode that quickly computes 10-20 songs for the chorus module to play back in round-robin fashion
    playback engine: if chorus is active: cycle through the songs stored in memory, and play them back at the specified distance and excitation.




    
